Come on, boys!
It’s Leap Day, not Sleep Day!
Whoo!
[ Clapping ]
I love Leap Day!
[ Chuckles ]
It’s kind of a big deal
in the Dunphy house.
This year, we even
got Manny involved.
You’re given this gift
of 24 extra hours.
You can’t waste it
at work or school.
You have to do
something extraordinary,
something shocking.
Mmm. This year,
the entire family
is taking a trapeze class.
How extraordinary is that?
It was my idea.
How shocking is that?
I can be spontaneous
every four years.
I can’t wait.
Leap Day is stupid.
You’re not understanding
the logic behind it.
A year is actually 365.25 days.
Every four years,
we gain one day.
If we didn’t adjust
the calendar, in, say, 40 years,
February would almost be
January.
That’s not my problem. And it’s
definitely not your problem.
Look at this.
The housekeeper turned
another one of my whites pink.
I can’t wear this
to a sports bar.
[ Chuckles ]
They’re not going to be
looking at you, Jay.
Somebody’s feeling
pretty good about herself.
They’re going to be
watching the match.
You meant you a little bit.
Okay, put it in there.
All right. Very quietly,
we’re gonna go to
Daddy’s bedroom,
open the door and–
[ Gasps ]
[ Both Scream ]
Happy birthday to me.
I’m 10!
Forty!
I was born February 29,
and there have been
10 of those in my lifetime,
therefore I’m 10!
It’s fun.
It’s so much fun.
Anyway, I’ve spent
the last four years...
trying to figure out what kind
of party to throw this one.
Honey, you know
I’d be fine with just...
a nice casual evening
at home with you.
Don’t– Don’t even.
No, no. That’s what
he said last time.
Okay, birthday boy.
What’s it gonna be?
Rom-com or horror?
Or we could do both
and watch Maid in Manhattan.
[ Beeping ]
What you doing?
Canceling our baby.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Okay, love to Dad. Bye.
[ Kisses ]
[ Beeps ]
Daddy,
what are you doing?
Oh.
- Yeah, Daddy,
what are you doing?
- [ Cameron ] I was–
Snooping for hints about your
birthday?
Wow. Get.
No, I’m just excited,
and I want to be helpful.
I know party planning
isn’t your thing.
Wow.
You need to trust me, Cam.
I know. And I do.
It’s not like you’re gonna do
anything tired,
like appletinis
or ice sculptures.
Or synthetic napkins
or anything Mylar.
Cam, that’s enough.
I’ve been paying for your
last party for four years.
And I find it a little
insulting...
that you don’t think
I could pull this off.
You know what?
I trust you. I’m letting go.
Okay.
Okay?
-You know orange is over, right?
-It’s a simple party.
I can do it.
Simple.
Perfect.
Yeah, just a simple party.
I’m simply taking Cam’s favorite
movie,
The Wizard of Oz,
and turning our house
into an Oz-themed extravaganza.
Yellow brick carpet,
waitstaff in full costume...
and custom-made
ruby slippers for Cam.
Whassup?
So is this safe?
It’s a trapeze.
Relax. More people are killed
by knife-wielding strangers
than from trapezing.
I’m thinking about
going home now.
- [ Woman On TV ]
♪ In the arms of the angels ♪
- [ Sobbing ]
[ Woman #2 On TV ]
These animals
need your help.
Honey, are you okay?
I’m fine.
I’m fine. Just–
So sad.
[ Sobbing ]
Oh, no. Not today.
- [ Luke ]
What’s wrong?
- Nothing.
No, your mom’s
just, uh, feeling emotional.
She was like this
last month.
And the month before.
What?
I could kill someone!
No, I can’t hear you!
This stupid phone
gets no reception
in this stupid house!
[ Screams ]
Dear God, no.
[ Phil ]
I heard rumors. Yeah.
We all had.
That females living or working
in close quarters...
could eventually
get on the same cycle.
But I always assumed that was
a story designed to keep women
out of the submarine corps.
This isn’t milk.
What’s wrong with me today?
My brain’s not working right.
No!
[ Sighs ]
I can’t foc–
[ Woman #2 ]
Won’t you help?
Three legs?
It’s not fair!
I know. It’s so sad.
Oh, my God.
They’re gonna ruin everything.
No, no, no.
We-We just need to be
extra sensitive.
Phil, honey,
when do we need to leave?
Whenever’s good for you,
sweetie.
Maybe 20 minutes?
Twenty minutes?
Well, which one
is it, Phil?
[ All Talking At Once ]
Whenever is good for me,
or is it 20 minutes?
Whenever you’re ready.
It happened.
Satan’s trifecta.
The day I most dreaded
had fallen on the day
I most loved.
[ Luke ]
They’re gonna ruin trapezing.
I bet they don’t
even catch me.
Why are you so afraid of them?
They’re reasonable.
Why don’t we just suggest
they stay home, considering
they’re all on their mens–
Shh!
The first rule of
dealing with the cycle:
You never mention the cycle.
You tiptoe around it.
The woman’s actually
taking great pains to hide
the monster she’s become.
But if you acknowledge it,
that brings the monster forth.
My God.
And there’s three of them.
It’s okay. I have a plan.
It’s kind of traditional
for people to lean in...
when somebody says
"I have a plan."
Okay–
Ja! Ja! Ja! Ja!
Ja, ja, ja, ja, ja, ja, ja!
No! No!
¡Sí! ¡Sí! ¡Sí! ¡Sí!
¡Gol! ¡Gol!
You should call your country
the Never-lands because
you never–
Ja, because
we are never going to win.
You said that a billion times.
Just go home.
Why don’t you
Dutch people go home?
Someone should shut
your Colombian mouth.
Okay, I want to see you try.
Is there
a problem over here?
Yes, there is a problem,
and you are married to her.
Really? Well,
let me make a suggestion.
Why don’t you sit down,
I send you over a beer, my wife
and I watch from over there.
That way,
everybody enjoys the game.
Except me, ’cause I prefer
a game where something happens.
Gloria, let’s go.
I thought you were going to
punch that guy back there.
Ah, I got 60 pounds
on the kid.
Yeah. It’s just that
I’d heard so many stories
about you fighting.
It’s just not worth the trouble.
Yeah, and he has
all those friends.
Well, his friends
had nothing to do with it.
Just sometimes it’s better
to take the high road.
Yeah, it’s better
that you walked away.
Gloria, I get– I get the
impression you’re disappointed
I didn’t punch that guy.
Of course not.
Who needs all that manly
"protect your woman" stuff?
No, see, like right there.
You’re saying one thing,
but it feels like
you mean the opposite.
No.
That’s a yes.
Look, Jay. I just came
to watch the game.
I don’t want to fight.
Neither do I.
I know.
So, in keeping
with the film,
this area will be
in black and white, and then
an explosion of Technicolor.
[ Beeps ]
Best part,
as the guests are coming in–
"Auntie Em! Auntie Em!"
[ Chuckles ]
A simulated tornado.
Yeah.
Oh, he’s gonna love that.
[ Beeps ]
So the appletinis
are canceled–
Yes.
the little Toto dog
is ordered, and–
Please tell me that
you are not mixing punch
in costume.
[ Car Door Opens ]
Oh, no.
What is Cam doing home?
Hey.
- We’re the monkeys.
- Yes, hi. Come on inside.
Quickly, quickly. Hi.
- Okay, one second.
- [ Door Closes ]
Hey. What you doing home?
Are you checking on me
and the party again?
No, no. I left my cell phone
in your car, and I gotta be
in touch with Mama today.
She’s talking to the insurance
agency for the first time...
to see if they’re gonna
rebuild Grandpa’s farm.
Rebuild the–
[ Gasps ]
Because of the tornado.
[ Mitchell ]
I totally missed
the connection.
A month after the most
devastating twister
to ever hit Cam’s hometown,
I throw a party
based on gay cinema’s
most famous tornado.
Yeah. You know,
it’s been a month,
and she hasn’t heard
anything, and she’s just
beside herself.
And then–
You know what else?
Lily succumbed to her injuries.
- Your Aunt Lily died?
- No, the family pig.
Aunt Lily was a–
We named our daughter
after a pig?
Can you just witness my pain
instead of criticizing?
I just want to be in touch
with my family today.
Get all this tornado stuff
behind me...
so I can enjoy
the fabulous party
you’re planning for me.
Yeah. Gotta get outta here.
Okay. Hey, listen. Hey, Cam,
you just call your family,
tell them I said hi.
And don’t worry about
being back at 6:00 on the dot.
There’s a little breathing room.
Oh, what,
are you kidding me?
The sooner I can
start to party, the sooner
I can start to forget.
[ Chuckles ]
But then again, hey,
if you keep running from...
every reminder
of the tornado,
doesn’t the tornado win?
Mitchell,
my grandpa runs to his
pickup truck every morning...
because he thinks
the pitchfork
is gonna come back down.
The tornado always wins.
Yeah.
[ Mitchell ]
Okay. Well, it’s gonna be
so much fun tonight!
- I know.
The big 1-0!
- 4-0!
Hey, Mitchell!
I’m over here.
I could’ve hit you.
[ Singsong ]
But you didn’t.
[ Normal Voice ]
I’m doing my
"I Love You" dance.
[ Cameron ]
Okay. I’m doing
my "I Love You" car dance.
Look at me.
Look at you.
Stop that.
Fish move!
Okay, go!
This is dangerous. Go.
Okay, okay.
Get out of here, you.
It’s my birthday!
All right, guys. Come here.
We need to talk.
[ Exhales Deeply ]
[ Tin Man Clanking ]
There they are.
Stop rushing us!
[ Luke Sighs ]
Buddy, what’s wrong?
Yes, you’ve been
a little off all morning.
I’ve been feeling
a lot of stress lately.
My head’s all foggy,
and I’m kind of emotional.
Oh. Well, I sure hope
you feel better soon,
’cause you really need
your wits about you
when you’re trapezing.
This is weird, because the three
of us haven’t exactly been
feeling our best today either.
Really?
[ Alex ]
Can’t find my other sock!
- Try looking under
the one you have on.
- I am not you.
I don’t do that. See?
God, I am you.
- Would you mind
if we sat out trapezing?
- Really?
[ Claire ]
Yeah.
Are you sure? Okay.
Why does he do that?
Every month.
Yeah, I get a little moody,
but unrelenting
physical discomfort
will do that to a person.
Doesn’t he know that
tiptoeing around someone like
they’re crazy makes them crazy?
All right.
You and Manny go ahead.
Luke can just stay here with us.
- Wait. What?
- Luke’s actually
looking better.
I am better.
Well, let’s not take
any chances.
He can stay here.
You go ahead.
Dad?
- Um, I–
- Daddy?
- See you later, buddy.
- What are we going to do?
We leave no man behind.
I think I’m just
gonna go home.
We have time. Just
take down the decorations
and have a normal party.
And throw a boring party
in our house...
that looks like
I just threw it together
this afternoon?
Think!
Okay, we have a few options.
I can get you
the back room at Amelia’s.
Spilled juice on the owner’s
white rug and almost killed
her toddler. Next.
Bowling alley?
Not classy enough.
What have you got?
Uh–
You’re no help. You.
Well, last weekend
I did a party on a boat.
- You said you were
visiting your parents.
- You’re suffocating me.
What’s this boat?
Tell me about the boat.
Okay, we did an elegant
dinner party on a luxury yacht
for about 25 people.
It takes you
around the harbor,
dancing under the moonlight.
Okay. Okay. Maybe we can
make a theme out of this.
Cam’s life
is like a long voyage.
Sometimes choppy,
but always forward–
ever forward.
- We have two hours.
- Book it.
Hey. You survived
trapeze class, huh?
Didn’t happen.
And common decency prevents me
from telling you why.
- How was the soccer match?
- Thrilling.
1-1 tie. One of the goals
was an accident.
I’m sure my mom
was happy you went.
I don’t know
what to make of her today.
She got into it with this guy,
and I swear she was pushing me
into a fight with him.
Now, is that something
she’d want?
I don’t know.
I always thought of women
as the more evolved sex.
But after today–
I’ve seen things, Jay.
As you know, I had my share
of fights in my time.
You know that.
Mmm, it’s–
it’s too warm for me.
I remember this time
I was crossing the street
with Dede,
and some jackass
almost clipped her.
I had the guy on the ground,
my foot on his neck,
before the car stopped moving.
Yeah, we’ve heard
all the stories.
Maybe my mom wouldn’t mind
a glimpse of that Jay.
- [ Horn Honks ]
- That’s her. She wants me
to help pick out Cam’s gift.
I’m still that guy,
you know. 100%.
What the hell?
How do you cut your finger
on a cracker?
Anyway, if I thought
there was a fight worth
fighting, I’d fight it.
Ow! Now I got salt in this.
That stings!
[ Door Opens ]
[ Door Closes ]
Next time, don’t scream
at your boss...
so that he doesn’t make you
work during the weekends.
Y pueda venir a ver
a tu hijo, por favor.
Sí. Adiós.
Hey, Mom.
Who were you yelling at?
Your father, baby.
He cannot make it
this weekend.
Okay, I admit it.
I wanted Jay to kick
that little Dutchman’s ass
at the bar.
But two seconds
on the phone with Javier,
and I remember
what that stupid
hothead behavior gets you.
Nothing.
It’s better to be calm,
like Jay.
Like Jay and me.
Like Jay.
[ Door Opens,
Closes ]
I’m back!
Wouldn’t you know, I forgot
my ding-dang sunglasses.
Oh.
Huh. Luke,
could you give me a hand?
What were the chances
that Phil had come back...
to apologize
for all the game-playing...
and have an open
conversation with me
about what I was feeling?
Okay, I got a bottle
of fake blood out of
the Halloween supplies.
Put a dab on your finger,
say you cut it,
I say I need to run you
by the doctor,
easy trapezey.
Got it?
See you on the other side,
brother.
Just once, I would like Phil
to have a little empathy.
Give me some sense
that he understands
what women go through.
You feelin’ any better?
[ Mutters ]
Hate to see
the whole team on the D.L.
- [ Luke ] Ow! My finger!
- I don’t like
the sound of that.
- I said a little bit.
- The cap fell off. I decided
just to go with it.
Okay, we gotta get you
out the back–
[ Screaming ]
- What happened?
- Oh, it’s just a little cut.
But to be safe,
I’ll run him by the doctor.
No! Are you crazy?
Call 911!
Oh, no, they’re so busy.
Where’s the wound?
- We need to put
pressure on it, right?
- I’m gonna be sick!
Oh, he needs a tourniquet!
Where do I put it?
Stop. There is nothing
wrong with him.
- Luke, what’s going on?
- I cut my finger.
- Dad?
- How crazy is that?
They were in my pocket
the whole time.
I’ll see you.
Phil!
What is going on, Luke?
Dad staged the whole thing
so we could go on the trapeze
without you three.
- Why?
- Because– Because–
Because of this:
You’re all monsterating!
[ Phil ]
Luke, no!
Are you kidding me?
Oh, my God!
I’m sorry.
I know you told me
not to say it, but–
[ Claire ] Phil.
Is this what you’ve been
teaching our son?
That women are some kind of
unclean lepers...
that should be hidden away
under sheets for a week?
- Do you have any idea
how offensive that is?
- I do, honey.
And from the bottom
of my heart, I am so...
scared.
[ Frustrated Grunt ]
Oh, no!
Oh, my.
[ Cameron Giggling ]
Okay. Three, two, one!
[ All ]
Surprise!
Oh, my gosh!
Oh, it’s amazing!
Yeah, it’s a boat party!
Oh. Because?
Your life is like a voyage.
Oh. Well, everyone’s is,
but I love it
because none of our other
friends have ever done it.
Oh.
Oh, that’s so sweet.
It must be easy
with no dirty, broken woman
in the relationship.
[ Giggling ]
[ Giggles ]
What are you laughing at?
Okay. Everybody follow
the birthday flag.
What’d you call me?
Oh, the– Uh, yes.
Oh, my gosh. It’s so elegant.
Pepper must be dying.
Oh, you know, actually,
Pepper couldn’t come
because he hates boats.
You know,
after the navy, so–
Oh. Oh, yeah.
Oh, I guess Longines
got over his fear of water.
No, no. Why don’t we just focus
on the 30 people who are here
having a great time?
Eee! Smells like
somebody’s dead.
[ Groans ]
What is that smell?
That faint odor is–
is a tiny, tiny blue whale,
who apparently has indeed died,
uh, nearby.
But–
Yeah, but it’s getting
all over my coat.
I don’t smell anything.
Maybe that’s because you smell
like a bouquet of flower–
Ow!
Oh, yeah.
Watch out for that.
[ Groans ]
It smells like puke married poop
and had the ceremony in my nose.
You paint with words.
Okay. Don’t worry, everybody.
Soon we’ll be
way, way out at sea,
bouncing on the waves...
with all of his
sweet-smelling brothers
and sisters, okay?
Mitchell Pritchett?
Oh, yes. Hi.
Hi. I’m your captain tonight.
We’ve got a problem.
I can’t fit
this many people on my boat.
No, no.
I was told you could take 30.
I have exactly 30 guests.
Plus six in help.
You gotta drop a few people.
Come on.
There must be something
that we can do here.
Well, we have bigger boats,
but this is the best I could do
on two hours’ notice.
Uh–
What is the problem?
Apparently Mitchell started
planning my birthday party
two hours ago.
Mm-mmm.
No, no. I-I-I did not.
Uh, apparently
we have too many people
for his boat, so–
That’s crazy.
I’ve seen more people
clinging to a floating door.
I’m sorry, lady.
It’s a safety issue.
Oh, no, you’re going to have
a safety issue...
if you don’t take me away
from this whale.
-Okay, a little too much finger,
a little too much attitude.
-What’s all this?
Two hours of Mitchell’s
hard work going down the drain.
Look, I can’t fit
more than 30 people on the boat,
as I was just explaining
to the lady here.
Well, first of all,
that lady is my son.
- He wasn’t–
He wasn’t talking about me.
- I was talking about her.
Oh, her.
Oh, it’s "her" now. Well,
"her" happens to be my wife.
You got a problem with her,
you got a problem with me.
No, no, Jay, calm down.
I didn’t have
a problem before,
but now I’m starting to.
No, your problem
is about to get
a lot bigger.
No, Jay.
I know you think this
is what I want, but it’s not.
I got this, Gloria.
No, Jay, I was just
being stupid today.
I like that you’re calm,
that you think first
and you act second.
I need that in my life.
Yeah.
So walk away, Grandpa.
You know what–
[ All Gasping ]
Nobody calls him Grandpa!
I do.
[ Captain ]
Okay, that’s it.
No boat.
Everybody off my dock,
or I’m calling the cops.
Wait, wait.
So no party now?
No, no, of course.
Just– Just give me
a minute, okay?
Well, after what you did
with two hours, I can’t wait to
see what you do with a minute.
Cam–
Poor Cam.
He seems so upset.
Oh, is that hard for you, Phil?
That he’s having
a feeling around you?
Oh, I’m so sorry.
Too many emotions?
Okay, okay, I give up!
Yeah, I made a mistake today.
But only because
the three of you
ganged up on me,
like when the Wolf Man,
Dracula and Frankenstein
show up in the same movie,
except this wasn’t awesome!
I have been on an emotional
roller coaster all day today.
I’m afraid. I’m mad.
I’m mad because I’m afraid.
Now I can’t even think straight
because I’m in so much pain from
what just happened over there.
And the whole thing
makes me so sad,
and I’m not even sure why,
and I’m nauseous
from that smell,
but I’m so hungry.
[ Claire ]
Yeah.
[ Sniffles ]
Cam,
the-the boat wasn’t even
part of the plan.
No, it’s fine.
It’s my fault for letting
my expectations get too high.
I’ll get over this one too.
No, no, I had this whole
Wizard of Oz party planned,
only today I realized
that it might be
a little too tornado-y.
Today?
Yes. I’m sorry.
I didn’t make
the connection, okay?
Probably ’cause I’ve been
planning for months...
so that you could have
the perfect party
and be happy,
which now I don’t even
think is possible.
Oh, I’m sorry that
I would like to have
a nice 10th birthday party.
Well, you can’t have it,
Cam. You want to know why?
Because you’re 40!
You’re a 40-year-old man!
I am 40.
I’m 40.
Yes.
[ Sobbing ]
Okay, stop it.
I’m 40,
and I’m on this stupid–
Wait, what is that?
What is this... thing?
Suddenly it all made sense.
Cam’s craziness all day
wasn’t about a party.
It was about turning 40.
And once he realized that,
everything got much worse.
I’ve done nothing
with my life!
What? Stop it. Come on.
How can you say that?
You’re a wonderful father.
You– You graduated
from clown college.
You’ve been to France.
I don’t want to be 40.
It’s not fair.
I know.
[ Phil ]
Nothing’s fair.
Two miles from here is
an amusement park full of happy
families swinging on a trapeze.
That’s all I wanted
for my special bonus day.
What?
I’d been trying so hard
to figure out what Cam wanted
for his birthday.
He’d been telling me all along.
He wanted to be 10.
Whoo!
Seriously?
There’s nothing you can do?
I’m sorry.
You just missed the cutoff.
How about
we see you next time?
you make an exception
and strap him in there?
[ Haley ]
Yeah, we’re like 10 minutes
past your deadline anyways.
And you don’t want to
make us angry today.
Ladies,
I really can’t–
"Ladies"? No, no, no.
- Seriously?
- [ All Talking At Once ]
[ All Talking At Once ]
And that was how
they apologized to me.
[ Alex, Haley ]
Whoo!
[ Claire ] Come on, Phil!
[ Luke ]
Go, Dad!
Oh!
Go, Phil!
[ All Screaming ]
Go, Daddy!
At least I– I think it was.
I could never ask them.
[ Shouts ]
This is so satisfying!
Best I’ve felt
all day!
[ Screaming ]
Can I rent one of these
on a monthly basis?
[ Bell Rings ]
Yeah!
Yes!
Oh, yay!
[ Laughing ]
Oh!
Best 40th birthday party ever.
No, no. Tenth.
Really?
Yeah.
In fact, you’re still that
sexy little...
eight-year-old
I fell in love with.
[ Giggles ]
Oh, um–
No, just go.
[ Muttering ]
English - US - Line 21